README.md, before:

# CustomerApp
Contains docker images of a database and application for retrieving data from it

Prerequisites:
1. Have docker installed ([Docker install link](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)) and runnning 

Optional:
1. Install mysql cli ([Mysql cli windows install link](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/file/?id=521475)) to view database (connect to localhost with port 8080. User root pass secret_password). Should definitely be modified in case this should be used in more than PoC.
1.2 Connect with `mysqlsh -uroot -psecret_password -h 127.0.0.1 -P 3306 --database customerdb`

To run solution:
1. Be in `application` folder
2. Run `docker compose up -d` 
3. Await a few seconds after end, for customer-app to be connected with DB.


Dev notes:
Database migrations. Create with `npx prisma migrate dev --name init --create-only` where init is the name of the migration.
Run migrations with `npx prisma migrate dev`. If correct, move the generated named migration folder with .sql file within it (images/customer-app/migrations to mysql/migrations). Commit both (not ideal atm..)
Migrations will be run on DB when running docker compose up -d.

Useful Docker commands:
`docker compose up -d` runs the whole solution
`docker ps` (gives overall info about running containers)
`docker compose down --remove-orphans` Shuts down all containers including network (if in use)

Install vim in alpine container (customer-app):
`apk update`
`apk add vim`

Commit message:

feat(jira-xx): Added prisma seed with very little test data, that can be easily loaded if needed. As of now, it is loaded when starting container. Shouldnt when csv reader is implemented

README.md, after:

# CustomerApp
Contains docker images of a database and application for retrieving data from it

Prerequisites:
1. Have docker installed ([Docker install link](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)) and runnning 

Optional:
1. Install mysql cli ([Mysql cli windows install link](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/file/?id=521475)) to view database (connect to localhost with port 8080. User root pass secret_password). Should definitely be modified in case this should be used in more than PoC.
1.2 Connect with `mysqlsh -uroot -psecret_password -h 127.0.0.1 -P 3306 --database customerdb`

To run solution:
1. Be in `application` folder
2. Run `docker compose up -d` 
3. Await a few seconds after end, for customer-app to be connected with DB.


Dev notes:
Database migrations. Create with `npx prisma migrate dev --name init --create-only` where init is the name of the migration.
Run migrations with `npx prisma migrate dev`. If correct, move the generated named migration folder with .sql file within it (images/customer-app/migrations to mysql/migrations). Commit both (not ideal atm..)
Migrations will be run on DB when running docker compose up -d.

You can reset your DB with (very) small data sample with  `docker exec -d customer-app "prisma migrate reset"`

Useful Docker commands:
`docker compose up -d` runs the whole solution
`docker ps` (gives overall info about running containers)
`docker compose down --remove-orphans` Shuts down all containers including network (if in use)

Install vim in alpine container (customer-app):
`apk update`
`apk add vim`
